Register x-oai specification extensions for OpenAPI 3.2 down-leveling (#73)
OAI/spec.openapis.org: registries/_extension/x-oai-additionalOperations.md

---
owner: mikekistler
issue:
description: Represents non-standard HTTP method operations on a Path Item when targeting OpenAPI versions prior to 3.2.
schema:
  type: object
  additionalProperties:
    $ref: "#/$defs/operationObject"

> objects: [ "pathItemObject" ]

Reviewer: I think this field shouldn't use lower camel case values as these are used nowhere else. 

We use
- Separate capitalized words in section headings: "Path Item Object"
- kebab-cased section anchors: `path-item-object`

There is no value in adding a third spelling variation, instead we should use one of the established forms, preferably the same style as in the specification text:
```suggestion
objects: [ "Path Item Object" ]
```

Not sure who started this lower-camel-casing and why, and we should not blindly continue with it just out of reflex.

Author: Fixed here and in all the other files of this PR.

layout: default
---

{% capture summary %}

> The `x-oai-additionalOperations` extension represents HTTP method operations that are not part of the standard set defined by the target OpenAPI version. For example, the HTTP QUERY method is not a standard operation in OpenAPI 3.0 or 3.1, so it is serialized under this extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `x-oai-additionalOperations` extension represents operations for HTTP methods that are not part of the standard set defined by the Path Item Object of the target OpenAPI version. For example, the HTTP QUERY method has no standard operation in OpenAPI 3.0 or 3.1, so it is serialized under this extension.
```

Author: I'm considering revising the descriptions in all these entries to first describe the OpenAPI 3.2 field that motivated them, and after that say that the extension serves this purpose in OpenAPI 3.1 and earlier documents. E.g., for this field:

> OpenAPI 3.2 introduced the `additionalOperations` field on Path Item Objects to represent operations for HTTP methods that are not part of the standard set defined by the Path Item Object of the target OpenAPI version. For example, the non-standard `POLL` method has no standard operation in OpenAPI 3.2, so it can be represented as an entry in the `additionalOperations` field.
> 
> The `x-oai-additionalOperations` extension brings this same capability to OpenAPI versions prior to 3.2, allowing you to represent operations for HTTP methods that are not part of the standard set defined by the Path Item Object of the target OpenAPI version. For example, the HTTP QUERY method has no standard operation in OpenAPI 3.0 or 3.1, so it can be represented as an entry in the `x-oai-additionalOperations` extension. 

@ralfhandl what are your thoughts on this approach?
